README.md, before:

SBS Plugin - SPAM
=================

Report Spam link
----------------
Plugin extends SBS feature "Report Abuse" and provides more easily way how to report all content of particular user.

Main features are:

1. Report all user's content as a spam by SBS feature report abuse
2. Disable user
3. If user doesn't have enough points then only standard "report abuse" to particular one document is reported
4. Moderator is notified about spam content in standard way like "report abuse" does.

Saying all users's content it means:

* Document
* Forum thread/message
* Blog post
* Bookmarks to external site


### Configuration ###
Plugin can be configured via these properties managed in SBS admin console:

* `spam.reporter.min_points` - how many points user needs to have to be able to report a spammer.
Otherwise standard report abuse is used. Default value is 0 (all registered users).


Content Governor
----------------
Content governor extends standard [Message Governor](http://docs.jivesoftware.com/jive_sbs/4.5/index.jsp?topic=/com.jivesoftware.help.sbs.online_4.5/admin/ConfiguringInterceptors.html)
feature and allows to not affect experienced users (based on status level)

### Installation and configuration ###
Governor is implemented as standard SBS interceptor. You need to install (after plugin installation).

Go to SBS admin console and then navigate to Spaces > Settings > Interceptor
Put into field "Class Name" this value `org.jboss.sbs.spam.interceptor.GovernorStatusLevelInterceptor` and hit Add Interceptor.

After this installation you can add this interceptor to the list of active interceptors in standard way.

These properties can be configured in interceptor:
* Post Interval
* Poinst Level
* Rejection Message

No follow links filter
----------------------
Post processing filter which adds re="nofollow" attribute to all links. It's enabled by default.
If you want to disable it just go to SBS admin console > Spaces > Settings > Filter and Macros and turn off this filter

Commit message:

Implemented domain white list. fixes #9 ORG-1605

README.md, after:

SBS Plugin - SPAM
=================

Report Spam link
----------------
Plugin extends SBS feature "Report Abuse" and provides more easily way how to report all content of particular user.

Main features are:

1. Report all user's content as a spam by SBS feature report abuse
2. Disable user
3. If user doesn't have enough points then only standard "report abuse" to particular one document is reported
4. Moderator is notified about spam content in standard way like "report abuse" does.

Saying all users's content it means:

* Document
* Forum thread/message
* Blog post
* Bookmarks to external site


### Configuration ###
Plugin can be configured via these properties managed in SBS admin console:

* `spam.reporter.min_points` - how many points user needs to have to be able to report a spammer.
Otherwise standard report abuse is used. Default value is 0 (all registered users).


Content Governor
----------------
Content governor extends standard [Message Governor](http://docs.jivesoftware.com/jive_sbs/4.5/index.jsp?topic=/com.jivesoftware.help.sbs.online_4.5/admin/ConfiguringInterceptors.html)
feature and allows to not affect experienced users (based on status level)

### Installation and configuration ###
Governor is implemented as standard SBS interceptor. You need to install (after plugin installation).

Go to SBS admin console and then navigate to Spaces > Settings > Interceptor
Put into field "Class Name" this value `org.jboss.sbs.spam.interceptor.GovernorStatusLevelInterceptor` and hit Add Interceptor.

After this installation you can add this interceptor to the list of active interceptors in standard way.

These properties can be configured in interceptor:
* Post Interval
* Poinst Level
* Rejection Message

No follow links filter
----------------------
Post processing filter which adds re="nofollow" attribute to all links except those listed in white list.
It's enabled by default.
If you want to disable it just go to SBS admin console > Spaces > Settings > Filter and Macros and turn off this filter
